all right here we go three two that's a
good blooper
eurotrip 2012 yeah I'm on top of the
culture of Palace a but one more
I'm on top of the tower of palace Cesar
what they're doing the same thing as me
with a lot bigger crew and a fluffer
what's a fluffer I don't know I probably
do know what a fluffer is I probably
can't say it free hugs I've tried that I
haven't been turned down yet I've used
that sign it works good I'm following
you all right let's do it yes okay have
fun sorry I just spilled on you one
hundred percent still intact drink it
good talk to this guy about his bike
shorts amazing a lot of intensity on our
walk over here right in the middle of
the Russian March now that we're here by
the stadium are you upset that the
Russians parts today no I'm okay great
today um no hurry up no Tyler starts now
so I don't know a hundred cows and why
wouldn't we stop an honor that guy's you
know he said he kept hi you know company
I am extremely uncomfortable that this
guys are wearing shorts I'm okay with
I'm not having heads but this not
appropriate I can't concentrate this
should be a Steve Urkel kit this family
matters bad joke I'm scared for my
safety so I invited some of my friends
they've been doing a pretty good job
i'm here with russian star andrey
arshavin Andre what's going on with that
hair I didn't know you were
superstitious just doesn't seem right
the biggest fan zone ever oh we got that
the coop I sweat the wrapping
I can know they
Oh God an incredible exhibit here in
Warsaw all the year p you comebacks
are an incredible an incredible let me
just let me to say it Incredibles mm-hmm
nothing it's guys in a bowl eurotrip
2012 yeah